Created expo-system-ui module (#14952)
expo/expo: packages/expo-system-ui/README.md

# expo-system-ui

**`expo-system-ui`** adds support for locking the user interface (appearance) and updating the root view background color.

## API documentation

- [Documentation for the master branch][docs-main]
- [Documentation for the latest stable release][docs-stable]

## Installation in managed Expo projects

> For managed [managed][docs-workflows] Expo projects, please follow the installation instructions in the [API documentation for the latest stable release][docs-stable].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For managed [managed](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/introduction/managed-vs-bare/) Expo projects, please follow the installation instructions in the [API documentation for the latest stable release](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/sdk/system-ui/).
```

## Installation in bare React Native projects

> For bare React Native projects, you must ensure that you have [installed and configured the `react-native-unimodules` package][unimodules] before continuing.

Reviewer: This should be changed I guess
```suggestion
For bare React Native projects, you must ensure that you have [installed and configured the `expo` package](https://docs.expo.dev/bare/installing-expo-modules/) before continuing.
```

### Add the package to your npm dependencies

```
expo install expo-system-ui
```

## Contributing

Contributions are very welcome! Please refer to guidelines described in the [contributing guide][contributing].

[docs-main]: https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/master/docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/system-ui.md
[docs-stable]: https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/sdk/system-ui/
[docs-workflows]: https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/introduction/managed-vs-bare/
[contributing]: https://github.com/expo/expo#contributing

> [unimodules]: https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/master/packages/react-native-unimodules

Reviewer: Generally update the readme, the module template seems to be outdated 😞
